host-keyword, alipay, direct
host-keyword, alicdn, direct
host-keyword, taobao, direct
host-keyword, tmail, direct
host-keyword, google, proxy
host-suffix, bing.com, proxy
host-keyword, epicgames, proxy
host-keyword, linkedin, proxy
host, emuci.top, direct
host-suffix, emuci.xyz, direct
host-keyword, shazam, proxy
host-suffix, emuci.top, direct
host-suffix, pvp.net, direct
host, spdb.com.cn, direct
host-suffix, brave.com, proxy
host-suffix, indeed.com, proxy
host-suffix, pki.goog, proxy
host-suffix, spdb.com.cn, direct
host-suffix, xvideos.com, proxy
host-suffix, phncdn.com, proxy
host-keyword, paypal, proxy
host-keyword, reddit, proxy
host-keyword, porn, proxy
host-suffix, jpush.cn, direct
host-suffix, mob.com, direct
host-suffix, t.me, proxy
host-suffix, t.co, proxy
host,injections.adguard.org,direct
host,local.adguard.org,direct
host-suffix, jd.com, direct
host-keyword, 360hu, direct
host-suffix, jsdelivr.net, proxy
host-keyword, 360buy, direct
host-keyword, douyin, direct
host-keyword, bytedance, direct
host-suffix, amemv.com, direct
host-suffix, bytemastatic.com, direct
host-suffix, snssdk.com, direct
host-suffix, zijieapi, direct
host-suffix, xycdn.com, direct
host-suffix, jdpay.com, direct
host-suffix, autonavi.com, direct
host-suffix, xiaojukeji.com, direct
host-suffix, amap.com, direct
host-suffix, beantechyun.com, direct
host-suffix, ingeek.com, direct
host-suffix, tencent.com, direct
host-suffix, qq.com, direct
host-keyword, wechat, direct
host-suffix, xhscdn.com, direct
host-suffix, xiaohongshu.com, direct
host-suffix, baidu.com, direct
host-suffix, bcebos.com, direct
host-suffix, bdimg.com, direct
host-keyword, ctrip, direct
host-suffix, nuomi.com, direct



host,safebrowsing.urlsec.qq.com,direct
host,safebrowsing.googleapis.com,direct
user-agent,com.apple.appstored*,direct
user-agent,AppStore*,direct
host-suffix,mzstatic.com,direct
host-suffix,icloud.com,direct
host-suffix,icloud-content.com,direct
user-agent,cloudd*,direct
host-suffix,me.com,direct
host-suffix,aaplimg.com,direct
host-suffix,cdn20.com,direct
host-suffix,cdn-apple.com,direct
host-suffix,akadns.net,direct
host-suffix,akamaiedge.net,direct
host-suffix,edgekey.net,direct
host-suffix,mwcloudcdn.com,direct
host-suffix,mwcname.com,direct
host-suffix,apple.com,direct
host-suffix,apple-cloudkit.com,direct
host-suffix,apple-mapkit.com,direct
host,mediaservices.cdn-apple.com,direct
host-suffix,apple-dns.net,direct
host,testflight.apple.com,direct
host,sandbox.itunes.apple.com,direct
host-suffix,apps.apple.com,direct

host,developer.apple.com, direct
host-suffix,digicert.com, direct
host-suffix,blobstore.apple.com, direct
host,cvws.icloud-content.com, direct
host-suffix,itunes.apple.com, direct
host-suffix,videos.apple.com, direct
host-suffix,tv.apple.com, direct